what happens alive today welcome to 365
bboying everyday we start with the
workouts day 323 one of the things
that has always resisted me has been
the worm so I was practicing
baby to go to worm at first like
quite because the legs go like a
American and they come down suddenly you hurt yourself
the trick is to put the left hand
as a little behind the American
and then to lift the worm you have to
kick with the legs towards the back
and up that way you do a dock and
you have more strength to lift with the
arms for the moment I decided to finish it in
elbow halo freeze and we already passed to day 324
that day I do not know why he had very comfortable
milk so I was trying elche
go by hand with one hand the truth is that
I did not think how soon I could do it
and later it occurred to me to practice
elbow twister to fall standing but like
I kept my hand stuck I decided
upload it to night in or 2000 and already
with power I decided to take out the swap and
half what I still have the fear and I put
the left hand unintentionally
day 325 as yesterday I got out of elche was
elbow today I wanted to get my elbow done
I was practicing this exercise with
two hands and then I tried it with one more
I was already dating but have read
be on the side and I wanted to drop it up and
testing it occurred to me to do it by taking
a foot
and later on kneeling going up
standing up and then making him be
taking my foot later improve the
runaway football and I started trying
trace back to a hand by spinning
the other hand on the floor but as yet
I could not get up because I decided
invent a new set making a
somersault with his hands caught and
making a rare cold of mine day
as you see the first thing I was
trying was from elbow twister to
schuster elbow mill is a
transition that I'm very cool but
first he had to control more the
co2 cluster so I set to
practice it separately
and thanks to that way of falling to
try to follow it I took out a new
power transition I called it the trans
north and then I was just
doing pretty freestyle to take out
I moved the new ones because I had space
why
Y
and to finish training I made a spike
with juniors to 15 starts that really
I realized how bad some had
sets and how well I had other days 327
doing the battle with juniors is it
happened in several ideas and one of them
I was doing a freeze holding my thigh
passing the hand inside the other
leg and that turns out that it gave me a lot
I play because I left my legs free
and that's the one he just saw is the one
I got out thanks to that idea since I'm
trying a pen with the foot crossed to
see what came out
I did not know how the set would end but
I was going to call it broken knee yes or yes
and look where thank you to hurt me
in the knee I tried to do something
moving it away from the ground and falling into it
point that the end of the yin set and
yang
so I could take advantage of it because
precisely change it day 328
practicing shrinking that plate that
is what I got improvised in the
last compete and I liked quite
although to make it simpler better to
baby finish
doing freestyle I realized that
I lost halo freeze to imbert from
mill so I was practicing what
so that one of the
problems he had is that he went up head
and then to imbert and from head
you have as much strength to climb as
since halo freeze later I was
trying a new way to get the
pneumatic hammer and see what he could do
later but the truth is that none
option I liked nothing so we already passed
a day to 329 was life and frank in
master volume 2 a competition that
it was usually done on the anniversary
of supersonics from madrid and that we decided
make us some years
for fun it's just about
go battles and before each
battle rolls a die and the number that
leave are the exits that you have to
do each one and not only that but
before each departure you have to drink
a shot of a special cocktail that
we call the cocktail beat night and doing
that's how you imagine the laughs are
insured
good
so much of Florence
Y
I come back
the means
and as you have seen if besides
all that is added a cardboard made
dust that breaks every two to three
moves and makes you fall more
fun bites one and in the end
because all sweating just do
battle if we simply dance doing
the fool and having fun
And now to finish stretching we'll see you in
the next video to take care of myself I'm going
and others do not